We're going to dive back into our app,
and we're in the same code file and
everything and we're going to
do a bit more complicated query.
So, one thing to note too, is I
mentioned that if you create a comp if
you try to run a composite query
We will throw an error and
we say hey you need to create
this in order to run this query.
That is only true for production queries
when you're using the emulator.,
If it's running against a local emulator,
we don't have to worry about scale.
You're still in development,
we're not gonna make you
create any composite queries.
And especially since that takes
time to create the composite query.
And you only have a certain limit of it,
we just let you run whatever composite
queries you want to in the emulator and
know If errors are thrown.
So before you go to production, whatever
composite queries that you are running
against the emulator, you want to
make sure that you have created for
production All right, so this one.
Get all expenses between July 2021 and
October 2021.
So that's this one right here.
So that's we can copy and
paste code that is always great But
we want to say is categorized as fun So
I'm gonna copy the internals of this.
And I'll say where category
Equal, equal, to fun.
And so this right here,
now becomes a composite query
because this is two fields.
Before is always one field,
now it's more than one field.
So let's save So we run it.
And look at that.
We have our costs, we have our costs,
we have our category.
Everything in the category is fun.
And if we look, this is in July.
I started in July.
Sorry, did I say July?
I did this.
There'll be tween.
Yeah, we're in July.
We're gonna be in July.
To October.Dates are weird you know,
and so we're in July and
as we scroll down,yes, this isn't
September and we stop at September 30th.
So this satisfies our query.
Now, I want you all to see if you
can tackle the last two ones.
These you can use all the above code.
I'll keep it on the screen.
But this exercise time,
we're going to get all expenses that are.
Not categorized, or that I get all
expenses, or you can limit, if you want,
that are not categorized as fun,
clothes, gifts, home and personal.
But this one will be a composite,
but it's fine.
This is still a good one to do.
This last one is a composite.